PR: Add Contributing Guide based on other Spyder projects (#277)
spyder-ide/qtpy: CONTRIBUTING.md

If not, follow these guidelines:

* Use the latest release branch (e.g. ``1.x``) to fix security issues and critical bugs only (if in any doubt, ask first)
* Use ``master`` branch for anything else, particularly introducing new features or breaking compatibility with previous versions

Of course, if a bug is only present in ``master``, please base bugfixes on that branch.

## Making Your Changes

To start working on a new PR, you need to execute these commands, filling in the branch names where appropriate (``<BASE-BRANCH>`` is the branch you're basing your work against, e.g. ``master``, while ``<FEATURE-BRANCH>`` is the branch you'll be creating to store your changes, e.g. ``fix-startup-bug`` or ``add-widget-support``:

```bash
git checkout <BASE-BRANCH>
git pull upstream <BASE-BRANCH>
git checkout -b <FEATURE-BRANCH>
```

Once you've made and tested your changes, commit them with a descriptive message of 74 characters or less written in the imperative tense, with a capitalized first letter and no period at the end.
For example:

```bash
git commit -am "Fix bug importing package on Windows"

> ```

Reviewer: Should we expand here more about the expected conditions on the commit history to accept a PR @CAM-Gerlach ?

Author: Thanks, I added some more tips and suggestions for commit messages and structure, along with a few other things, while also making clear that these are more guidelines than strict rules so not to worry to much about it, and if there is a serious problem we're happy to help (e.g. with a squash or rebase, though pending the release of the reviewer guidelines and your feedback on them I didn't want to set a hard policy there yet).

# Contributing Guide

QtPy is part of the Spyder IDE Github org, and is developed with standard Github flow.

If you're not comfortable with at least the basics of ``git`` and GitHub, we recommend reading beginner tutorials such as [GitHub's Git Guide](https://github.com/git-guides/), its [introduction to basic Git commands](https://guides.github.com/introduction/git-handbook/#basic-git) and its [guide to the fork workflow](https://guides.github.com/activities/forking/), or (if you prefer) their [video equivalents](https://www.youtube.com/githubguides).
However, this contributing guide should fill you in on most of the basics you need to know.

Let us know if you have any further questions, and we look forward to your contributions!

## Reporting Issues

Discover a bug?
Want a new feature?

> [Open](https://github.com/spyder-ide/qtpy/issues/new/choose) an [issue](https://github.com/spyder-ide/qtpy/issues)!

Author: If and when we add multiple issue template, e.g. bug, feature request, question, etc (as has been the plan for at least the main Spyder repo for years now), the original link will allow users to choose them, while the one you suggested will bypass them (as I confirmed in my testing) and not use our issue template at all, while if we don't have them, the two links work equivalently. This is also the canonical link pointed to by the `New Issue` button. Therefore, to keep things as consistent as practical between projects and reduce the risk of future breakage, both of which impact long-term maintainability, I believe we should keep this as-is.

### Fork and clone the repo

First, navigate to the [project repository](https://github.com/spyder-ide/qtpy) in your web browser and press the ``Fork`` button to make a personal copy of the repository on your own Github account.
Then, click the ``Clone or Download`` button on your repository, copy the link and run the following on the command line to clone the repo:

```bash
git clone <LINK-TO-YOUR-REPO>
```

Finally, set the upstream remote to the official QtPy repo with:

```bash
git remote add upstream https://github.com/spyder-ide/qtpy.git
```

### Create and activate a fresh venv

Particularly for development installs, we highly recommend you create and activate a virtual environment to avoid any conflicts with other packages on your system or causing any other issues.
Of course, you're free to use any environment management tool of your choice (conda, virtualenvwrapper, pyenv, etc).

### Create and activate a fresh environment

Particularly for development installs, we highly recommend you create and activate a virtual environment to avoid any conflicts with other packages on your system or causing any other issues.

> To do so with Conda (recommended), simply execute the following:

Author: Yep, absolutely. This was a straight-up copy/paste mistake when editing this, sorry; thanks for the catch! I'll commit this as is.

To run the tests, install the development dependencies as above, and then simply execute

```bash
pytest
```

The ``pytest.ini`` config file configures a variety of settings and command line options for you, so you shouldn't need to pass any further options to pytest unless you have a specific use case.
For a more rigorous run mirroring what is executed on our CIs, execute the following:

```bash
cd qtpy
python -bb -X dev -W error -m pytest
cd ..
```

## Pushing your Changes

Now that your changes are ready to go, you'll need to push them to the appropriate remote.
All contributors, including core developers, should push to their personal fork and submit a PR from there, to avoid cluttering the upstream repo with feature branches.
To do so, run:

```bash
git push -u origin <FEATURE-BRANCH>
```

Where ``<FEATURE-BRANCH>`` is the name of your feature branch, e.g. ``fix-startup-bug``.

## Submitting a Pull Request

Finally, create a pull request to the [spyder-ide/qtpy repository](https://github.com/spyder-ide/qtpy/) on Github.
Make sure to set the target branch to the one you based your PR off of (``master`` or ``X.x``).

> Thanks, and we look forward to your generous contributions!

Author: Actually, when working on this originally, I missed pulling in a similar change we all decided on per your and Carlos feedback for the earlier spyder-ide/spyder-docs-sphinx-theme#43 that this is directly based off; here's the wording we agreed on (which I prefer even more here). Sorry I missed that and thanks for the reminder :+1: 

```suggestion
Thanks for taking the time to read and follow this guide, and we look forward to your contributions!
```
